Hello and welcome.
Welcome to your last challenge.
This is our challenge for testing your knowledge on the visitor.
This will be our last challenge.
Pretty exciting.
So let's create another type of shopping cart application that demonstrates the visitor pattern.
This application will calculate the cost of postage for shipping items are set of elements will be the
items in our shopping cart the postage will be determined using the type and the weight of each item.
And of course depending on where the item is being shipped to what region so you're going to need to
create a separate visitor for each postal region.
This will allow us to separate the logic of calculating the total postage cost from the items themselves.
The whole point of the visitor pattern.
This means that our individual elements do not need to know anything about the postal cost policy.
It's nicely decoupled from the object structure and the element logic.
The steps in order to complete the same are as follows.
First you have to create the element interface.
This should have an accepted method that takes a visitor.
You then need to create three concrete element types that each can't contain a price and way as member
variables and implement the accept method.
A book a C.D. in a DVD.
The accept method just calls the visit method passing in itself does not need to know anything about
the postal cost policy.
Again nicely decoupled from the visitor logic.
The next step will be to create the visitor interface.
We need three visit methods for each type of element.
We're gonna need to create two types of visitors one for inside the United States and one for South
America.
We can call these classes U.S. Postage visitor in South America postage visitor.
Each class should contain state data for the total postage for a card of items each visit method should
contain the algorithm for calculating the postage for an item based on the way to that item.
Now there are some stipulations in the calculations.
For example if it's a book the algorithm should calculate the cost the postage cost has the weight multiplied
by two.
If it's a seedy it should calculate the posted cost as the weight multiplied by 2.5.
And this is just to show you that each visitor except method can have different logic for the DVD.
You should calculate the cost wait times three.
Now if you're outside the US you have to double the postage cost.
So that means the South American postage visitor would double that cost.
Also there's another stipulation for all the items if the price is greater than 20 dollars inside the
US or the price is greater than 30 dollars in South America.
You should allow for free shipping so you're gonna need to add an if statement in your logic in your
visit method to see what the court the prices.
And if the price is larger certainly from the certain standards you don't want to apply any shipping
costs.
So make sure you study this slide on all these restrictions for the algorithm and this will go on.
Except method.
Your last step is to create a client.
You need to create many visible items.
A couple books C.D. DVD with different weights and prices.
You should create a list and add the above items to the list.
You could use an array as well if you wanted to initialize it with an array initialization.
You're gonna iterate through the list to calculate the total regional postal cost for two visitors.
So you need to create two visitors both the US and a South America visitor.
You want to display the regional costs for shipping all items in the list to a US region and to a South
American region.
So you're gonna have two visitors.
Here is some example of output you might display something like the total postage for shipping items
to the US is 10 14.
The total opposed to shipping my items to South America is 20 28 because it's double.
If you're outside the US.
Now if we had other types of items here once the visitor implements a method to visit that item we could
easily calculate the total postage for that region while the visitor may seem a bit strange at first.
You can see how much it helps to clean up your code.
The whole point of this pattern cleaning up the code it allows you to separate out certain logic from
the elements themselves.
Keeping your data class is quite simple.
So this is our last challenge.
Again pretty straightforward with all the steps that I identify.
This is the visitor pattern.
The separation of logic from the elements in a collection or list or an object structure can even be
a composite from the actual additional behavior.
We're adding additional behavior to this object structure and the object structure is separated from
these additional behavior.
So good luck.
Let me know if you have any questions in the queue.
Thank you.